Update quick start and developer's guide (#631)
vhive-serverless/vHive: docs/quickstart_guide.md

This guide describes how to set up an _N_-node vHive serverless cluster with Firecracker MicroVMs.
See [here][github-toc] to learn where to find table of contents.

> To see how to setup a one node cluster with stock-only or gVisor, see [Developer's guide](developers_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how to setup a single node cluster with stock-only or gVisor, see [Developer's guide](developers_guide.md).
```

    > **BEWARE:**
    >
    > Deployer **cannot be used for Knative eventing** (i.e., asynchronous) workflows. You need to deploy them manually instead.
    >

>     > Deployer uses YAML files defined in configs/knative-workload that are **specific** to firecracker. Please refer to the [Developer's Guide](developers_guide.md) for deploying to a Stock Knative environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Deployer uses YAML files defined in configs/knative-workload that are **specific** to firecracker. Please refer to the [Developer's Guide](developers_guide.md) for deploying functions in the container or gVisor based environment.
```
